Development team:
Git Master:         Jalyn Campbell
API control:        Qi Feng
Html/CSS:           Eamon McHugh
General:            Jeff Woda

***Overview***
1. Page style is handled by CSS and materilize.

1. API call and data extraction are handled by api.js script file.

2. The wireframe has the applications logo across the top as header.

3. The user determines the selection via MLS (Multiple Listing Service) ID entry provided to him/her by agent. 

4. Up to two properties may be compared at any time. 

5. These are laid out in a card fashion in responsive view. 

6. Two separate API services are called for this feature 
    a) Realtor.com
    b) Here.com (map service) {***Note - API key needs to updated daily to work on line 45 in api.js - free version only works for 24 hours}

7. The picture and map are both responsive to click to expand. 

8. A button is added to remove a property detail. A simple if statement avoids additional entries.


9. ***Operational Details:***
a) Materialize was used for CSS automation
b) Jquery and Javascript links as well as two JS files main and API to separate functionality
c) HTML lays out the entire screen 
d) One image class is ear marked for the "property-image" and holds that #ID
e) One image class is ear marked for the map image and is identified via mapcontainer1 or 2 depending on which card it references.
f) Both card inputs are identical differentiated via a number 1 for card one and number 2 for card two. 
g) The footer contains the information on the developer
h) The main.js file simply controls the function of the two clear buttons to clear the field inputs as well as the local storage for refresh
i) The api.js creates a constant object reference for the main realtor.com api call 
j) The realtor API call includes the longitude and latitude reference subsequently used to pull the map information with here.com
k) Both input field functions and API calls are identical except for the differentiation on numbers 1 for card one and 2 for card 2 - the reason they were repated was due to a very ficle here.com (maps) API protcol.

***Functions Overview***
Main Script {main.js}:

1. TWO GENERIC FUNCTIONS for REMOVE Buttons - these simply clear out the data for each card. This can easily be re-written for an output array of greater quantity for two team decided to just produce two functions.(They also clear out the reference for local storage so old/bad values are not retrieved) {lines 4 -27}

2. MATERIAL BOX ZOOM -  feature needs to be called here to be working {Lines 31-34}

3. PUTSTORE - the putStore(getmlsid,c) function needs to input references generated by the API call the mlsid object and the c variable reference to the card index (this could be easily expanded for multiple cards. These are then entered into local storage as the entries are produced by the user. {Lines 36-45}

4. RESTORE - the reStore() function checks first to see if there are any values otherwise it stops, due to the api fill in structure it secondly includes an error handler (rather then for now re-write the entire apiCall function) this only occurs when the first card is empty - it then places everything into first card status to avoid a bug based on if statment handler from apiCall(alwasy populating first card by default) Next it loops through each stored MLS id by producing the object and sending it into the apiCall function - calling the apiCall function is in the loop so that the async call can first be executed and then re-triggered on the next loop, avoiding a handling error (seems logical now that we write this but it wasn't all that logical to start) {Lines 47-73}

API Script {api.js}:

1. GENERIC FUNCTION - for add button operation passing on the object getmlsid to apiCall and calls that function once clicked to execute - this was written separately so the apiCall function can be called for local storage update as well. {Lines 1-9}

2. APICALL - the function apiCall(getmlsid) requires the input getmlsid {object} to execute the API call from realtor.com - it then determines via if statement which card to populate with the realtor.com selected output by simply using one of the fields for input, within the if the card identifier c is set as well as the local storage function putStore(getmlsid, c) is called and passed the same object and card reference. Fields are then populated and then the longitute and latitude are used to call here.com API - this was copied directly from the website and the API key pulled out (otherwise requires updates in two spots) since the API first calls the map and then the pointer location so a two step API process call. This output then updates the corresponding map container. This function also contains a error catch if both cards are already populated a Model is triggered to alert user.  {Lines 11-139}

***Future Development Aspirations***

1. Preformane improvement:  The apiCall(getmlsid) is a monster function and should be stripped into components, which would then make updating and overview easier. Proposed was to execute the Rearltor API in one and pass on long lat for a second function for ther HERE.com map api calls. Both outputs of which would be place in a variable assigned object that would then be used in a populate screen type function. This would allow local storage to be api call free to restor a property and map detail since it could then be stringified into one Json call object and parsed to simply repopulate using the populate screen function. Potentially improving preformance as the API call does experience significant lag.  {This was discussed but put off for second phase IF time allowed still development bucket}

2. Ideally we would add a carousel feature to allow cycling of more then two properties (which maxed out our cell phone user design stage setter) Carousel feature in materialize was also put in the {This was discussed but put off for second phase IF time allowed still development bucket} section and the team simply ran out of time to address this upgrade.

3. We eventually did find a realtor API that could accept the address search - however, wire frame and developement and time had passed... so again this was put into the {This was discussed but put off for second phase IF time allowed still development bucket} and never realized this time around. This would require major programming re-write and was defintnily last on that list for this reason. But this would be a nice upgrade along with the carousel to then move to point 4.

4. Allow a favorited list of mulitple property details to be stored - here a phisolophical question comes up for the API call - but presumabl this would happen with a paid API so that the lags and challenges experienced would likely no longer make an object non api call population of properties obsolete (the idea is if details change using the object format we are not pulling the latest data) 





